With this soccer boom, a movie about soccer was also released.
Yes! The other day, I went to a movie theater for the first time in a while.
Before the movie I wanted to see started,
there was a video warning against unauthorized recording and illegal downloading.
I’ve seen it too. It’s a crime! You get fined or imprisoned! Something like that, right?
Yeah. I was a bit surprised by the severe penalties.
I understand the need for laws, but why must we regulate so harshly?
Isn’t there a lot of damage caused by the illegal downloading of movies?
Speaking of downloading, we were asked to download software
to our computers for an exercise in my last programming class.
However, it was free and publicly available, so I downloaded it right away.
What’s the difference between an illegal download,
like a movie, and software that can be downloaded for free?
Software...
How can it be free when it certainly took a lot of work for the people who made it?
By the way, Professor Uchida’s class materials were also made available to the public for free.
It’s very generous.
Okay, let’s go ask the professor.
Ah, maybe I don’t need to go that far, but...
The sooner we figure it out, the better off we’ll be. Come on, let’s go.
Yeah.
Naoya, too.
Oh, yeah.